# CMU Application Essays

---

### Most students choose their intended major or area of study based on a passion or inspiration that's developed over time – what passion or inspiration led you to choose this area of study? (300 word maximum)

- It's not a clear answer honestly. The study of the mind found me in an interesting pivotal time in my life where I was breaking down. I became obsessed with knowing all there is to know about this specific world of knowledge; this later detoured to learning AI workflows, building AI projects, writing papers on philosophy; reimagining intelligence through AI-HI coexistence. I could not get experience professionally, so I started building projects, and had this interesting idea to model AI systems after human brains. For example the Pre Frontal Cortex (PFC), amygdala, etc. these are two systems I have already built as API and local LLM wrappers, which act as two control systems that learn recursively, so wouldn't it be so cool to create math pipelines that mimic these processes?. And very recently found a love for just seeing what ways AI can be truly transformed by using the logic nature already provided us. And i think I'm drawn to this aside from my selfish curiosity, is this existential need to know things. When I daydream and ideas arise, they almost always revolve around consciousness and around the multiplex ways human and artificial systems can be transformed. I also have a passion for research and am just fortunate to have stumbled upon a proclivity that is intellectually rewarding. I will say tho the biological side pulls me most. I want to conduct research on fear-memory extinction using THC as a amygdala and PFC connection re-establisher. Anytime i think about what my career could look like, i get anxious because AI and neurobiology are obviously very different subjects going in the different direction. But not really. Somewhere in this conversation, there is some space for exploring and deeply researching all that we don't know. I jus think tis interesting nonetheless.

---

### Many students pursue college for a specific degree, career opportunity or personal goal. Whichever it may be, learning will be critical to achieve your ultimate goal. As you think ahead to the process of learning during your college years, how will you define a successful college experience? (300 word maximum)

I feel like I'm suffocating the more I live life outside of academia. When I think about college, it's like some indefinite wall gets lifted. My mind has been waiting for permission to breathe, and the second I picture an environment built around ideas, I have clarity.
I've honestly thought about this a lot, when i first started researching colleges. To cut it short, a successful college experience to me is me simply stepping fully into myself. That sounds vague but its deliberately vauge for the sake of encapsulating complex phenomena. I can't put into words how college can change a person, how college cna generate new truths. And it just amazes me that I can live out the fantasy of finally sharing my ideas and building conversations around complex things. I want to claim and cultivate the new experiences, ideas, places, memories I'll create. Experiencing life in a new way around academia is something I am so ready for. I am also ready to experience those who will dare to love me along the way. The nature, the buildings, everything. Because to me, environment is consciousness externalized to some degree. And I believe that choosing a college is much more than the college. You are choosing your next reality. And thats fun, because you will change. You will be made new in so many cool ways. And I am just excited for anything that will inform the new version i've yet to become.

Also I am a bug believer in environment plays a major role in who you become and who you CAN become. I like the cool trippy idea of...Me choosing a college is basically like me shopping for a new reality to live in for the next 4 years. Because that's essentially what it is. And I want to stay grounded in that and be intentional about where I go why. I have so many ideas, a vault full of md files and repos. I want to be involved in research. One of the only cons is that I just can't do everything.

---

### Consider your application as a whole. What do you personally want to emphasize about your application for the admission committee's consideration? Highlight something that's important to you or something you haven't had a chance to share. Tell us, don't show us (no websites please). (300 word maximum)

IAlso to anyone reading this, daydreaming is a super power that if we all utilized more often, so many problems in the world would be solved or at least reach a resolve. I love the degree path I chose because there is something to profound and poignant about the messy complexity of the brain and mind. 
