/forge except for the rust backend. Reread my entire codebase everything in my project the entire thing do not leave 1 thing out. This should take a long time and it must u need to do a deep deep cleaning and audit of the entire app. please do an audit of the hardenning of the app i want to first make sure that all of the features like EVERYTHING in my project is working write do tests to make sure wverythign ir properly reouted ike a traintrack. Super stable super clean super non cluttered. and make sure thngs are not overly complex when there are simpler more optimized ways to do the same thing IFFF it leads to better stability and fluidity if not then no. Please fix things that are broken optimize things that are slow or conflicting, etc research the best practice of final audiots before releasing a project. Like what google and rockstar does. For the game company rockstar the yeah done this a lot with GTA 6 the want it to be perfect for release that’s the same logic here.

i want to extend this to business. so i want introduce a large feature that has a bunch of buisness tools analtocs and features like regreesion back popogation ,etc. and i want to be able to ask ai and have an option on the mini chat to be able to create a spreadhseet like an actual excel that will show up as an escel sheet like an actual sheet idk how well do this maybe id have to sue another software. but i want this to be a bew section named business & data analytics. and it shoud incldue a suite a coprehensive up to date deeply integrated set of features most comon and most prevalent in buinses and data anlaytics but actaully the best tpye of each feature like i want the best of the best in the buisness and data analytics world. and lastly i want to be able to getenerate real stats like i wwant to be able to take a stat in a paper i want the ai to auto scan the paper and tell the app whch things are statisitics. and i want to be able to hover ove the stat and have it generate a visualzied graph scattteeplot line graph, etc. of the stats to get a better understanding of it.